Russian Roulete RPG System

A character sheet is simply a list of skills, items, and qualities, with the skills the player has invested in having a higher level.
During play, certain tasks will have a DC (Dice Check). This equates to the number of 6 sided dice a player has to roll. 
Any ones rolled at the end of the check result in a fail (hence Russian Roulete). A skill level allows people to reroll 
a number of dice that landed on one equal to thier level in the skills required to perform the task. For DCs for tasks that use
multiple skills, simply add all of the skill levels together. Negative skill levels will subtract from the number of
dice that you can reroll. A really mean DM (or a stupid one) might give you a DC of 36 for the task of making a sandwich. 
The skills required would be crafting, cooking, and tools, and you have 1, -2, and 5 levels
in each of them respectively. This means you roll 36 dice, you can re-roll up to 1-2+5 = 4 ones, and if you end up with
any ones left over, you fail the task. This system is intended to be more rollplay focused, and it probably won't matter if 
you make up skills. Now to items, items will give you a level bonus to certain tasks, so a wrench might give you +4 dice
you can reroll if you were trying to break a rusty nut loose. An "item" can be described with a name, a skill bonus,
and what skill it adds to. Like skills, items are to be homebrewed, so I will not provide you with 
a list of premade items or skills as they are up to the DM to create. In fact, your DM could make a campaign where "Strength" didn't exist
as a skill, if they decided that "Student Simulator" would make a good campaign. The last thing on the character sheet are qualities.
Qualities are essentially a description of your character's appearance, personality, fears, etc.. In the Russian Roulette system,
there is no HP, only conditions that are made by your DM or campaign writer such as asleep, unconsious, dead, undead, mesmerized, etc.. 

The most important thing on your character sheet are skills, followed by items. Qualities can also be very important, but 
are less mandatory. The physical character sheet doesn't have to have these three things in order, or in the same place. 
It's most likely that you store your character on a piece of paper or in a text document, but you could also scratch it into 
the sidewalk, carve it into a pumpkin, or even scribble it onto the wall with crayon. It's only important that you get
your character data stored somehow, or at least memorize it. 

If you are making a campaign with this system, its a bit like the real thing, the rules are simple, and if you lose,
something bad happens. If you are the DM, you can choose what that bad thing is. You must first create a goal for the 
players to try to reach, and then put stuff in the way. These obstacles can be as a simple as a locked door or a short hike,
but can be as complicated as a magic puzzle or a full blown heist. These can be represented rules wise as a bunch of Skill
checks, rollplaying, or a scavenger hunt, but remember that using only one type of rule for all the obstacles in the campaign
is a strong sign of incompetence. If you didn't give your players a list of skills to choose from, don't be mean and
make your players' skills useless just because the name of thier skill ends with -ing (climb instead of climbing). 

When a player makes a character sheet, obviously it is unfair to allow them to have infinite total skill points, so when they first
make thier characters, they get a total of 36 points to spend on whatever skills they so desire. If you are the DM, you can 
decide how many new skill points your players get to spend and when they get to spend them.

In addition, certain skills are conditional skills or C-skills for short. These skills require certain conditions to be met to be applicable.
Archery is an example of a C-skill, as you need a bow and arrow to use your archery skills. Other conditions could be being in a dark room to 
use a nightvision skill or having cooking implements to use cooking skills.

There are certain tasks that would normally require tools, such as removing nuts and bolts. If they are rusty, you could require 
your players to use a wrench, but if it simply loosly tightened, your player's could try using a strength skill check to
try removing the nut with thier fingers.

There are no levels in this system, as skills are improved the more they are used. Every time you use a skill and succed on the skill check,
roll 3 six-sided dice, and if you roll three ones, add one level to that skill. Of course you can also increase skill levels by studying
or praticing. Each hour you practice or study, again, roll 2 six sided dice, but this time, if you roll two sixes, roll another six sided die,
and divide the result by two, rounding up, and add what you get to the level of whatever skill you are practicing/studying for.